create english docs and set to default (#3)
stack-spot/crystal-typescript-api-stack: docs/about.md

> Work with a Serverless stack, contract first and with Lambdas in TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work with a Serverless Stack, contract first, and with Lambdas in **TypeScript**.
```

> Eliminate the complexity of generating the infrastructure needed to expose an API and just focus on coding the Lambdas that run the business rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eliminate the complexity to generate the infrastructure you need to expose an API. Now you can focus on coding Lambdas that execute the business rules.
```

> From an OpenAPI Contract, you have the generation of the necessary infrastructure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From an OpenAPI Contract, you have the necessary infrastructure below:
```

- API Gateway;

> - Lambdas (each endpoint generate one different Lambda);
> - Cloudwatch Logs;
> - X-Ray Tracing;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lambdas (each endpoint generates one different Lambda);
- Cloudwatch Logs;
- X-Ray Tracing;
```

- Métricas

> Also generates lambda source codes with the structure below:
> - Core Components;  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also generates Lambda source codes with the structure below:
- Core Components;  
```
